%%% Hackers Cut a Corvette's Brakes Via a Common Car Gadget
^^^ wired.com
&&& CAR HACKING DEMOS like last month's over-the-internet hijacking of a Jeephave shown it's possible for digital attackers to cross the gap between a car's cellular-connected infotainment system and its steering and brakes. But a new piece of research suggests there may be an even easier way for hackers to wirelessly access those critical driving functions: Through an entire industry of potentially insecure, internet-enabled gadgets plugged directly into cars' most sensitive guts.
At the Usenix security conference today, a group of researchers from the University of California at San Diego plan to reveal a technique they could have used to wirelessly hack into any of thousands of vehicles through a tiny commercial device: A 2-inch-square gadget that's designed to be plugged into cars' and trucks' dashboards and used by insurance firms and trucking fleets to monitor vehicles' location, speed and efficiency. By sending carefully crafted SMS messages to one of those cheap dongles connected to the dashboard of a Corvette, the researchers were able to transmit commands to the car's CAN bus-the internal network that controls its physical driving components-turning on the Corvette's windshield wipers and even enabling or disabling its brakes.
"We acquired some of these things, reverse engineered them, and along the way found that they had a whole bunch of security deficiencies," says Stefan Savage, the University of California at San Diego computer security professor who led the project. The result, he says, is that the dongles "provide multiple ways to remotely...control just about anything on the vehicle they were connected to."
In the video below, the researchers demonstrate their proof-of-concept attacks on a 2013 Corvette, messing with its windshield wipers and both activating and cutting its brakes. Though the researchers say their Corvette brake tricks only worked at low speeds due to limitations in the automated computer functions of the vehicle, they say they could have easily adapted their attack for practically any other modern vehicle and hijacked other critical components like locks, steering or transmission.

%%% Want to skip the order line? Fast food restaurants have apps for that.
^^^ fredericksburg.com
&&& You don't have time to wait in a long line to get your morning caffeine fix or to grab your lunch. If only you could skip the line.
Well, there's an app for that.
More restaurants are offering free apps billed as providing greater convenience to consumers, appealing particularly to millennials who are early adopters of technology and often glued to their smartphones. With the touch of an app, customers can order ahead of time, pay in advance and even bypass other walk-in customers when picking up their orders. They also can get special offers or earn rewards points and, at the very least, look at menus and find locations.
This fall, McDonald's is planning to launch an app with coupons nationally in October, joining the growing list of fast food chains offering free apps in the App Store and Google Play Store. Before the end of the year, Starbucks will have rolled out its mobile order and pay feature on the app nationwide so coffee drinkers can customize their Starbucks beverage and see the wait times before selecting a store for pick up.
Consumers are indeed checking out the apps, as 28 percent of adults-and that stat jumps higher, to 40 percent of millennials-have downloaded a restaurant app in a three-month period, according to recent survey in 2014 by Technomic, a Chicago-based food service consultant.
"As the app market gets more crowded, the better ones will win on efficiency, how easy is it to use and what they give the consumer, what's the benefit," said Derek Rucker, marketing professor at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management.
Unless delivery is an option, the app still requires customers to pick up their orders at restaurants. An app has the "potential" to save time for consumers, Rucker said.
For example, if customers order through the app, they wouldn't have to wait in lines to place the orders because their orders are already in the queue. Mobile ordering also can solve any miscommunication problem about getting the order right, he said.
Some restaurants allow customers to link up their debit and credit cards to the app on the phone. Even without the capability of ordering online, scanning the phone at the register to purchase the order can help speed up service, said Sara Gramling, Magnolia Bakery's vice president of public relations. Last month, Magnolia Bakery unveiled an app for customers in Chicago, Los Angeles and New York.
"At times, Magnolia can get very busy and it moves the line faster. The more people are paying with their phones, the quicker they can get through the line," she said.
Mobile payments, a feature available since 2011 at Starbucks, represent 20 percent of all in-store transactions in U.S. with the coffee powerhouse processing nearly 9 million mobile payments each week, a spokeswoman said.
Not all quick-service and fast-casual restaurants are competing on the same level when it comes to integrating technology into their restaurants.
"It's kind of the early days for most fast-food restaurants. I think consumers are willing to experiment a little bit and get comfortable with the apps," said Jackie Dulen Rodriguez, senior manager at Technomic Inc.
There's some debate on whether the apps are filling a need, solving a problem or improving the restaurant experience, she said. Speed of service is high on the list of priorities for fast food customers, she said.

%%% Google is finally solving Android's bloatware problem
^^^ bgr.com
&&& If there's one thing Android and iPhone users have in common, it's their mutual hatred of bloatware. There's just something inherently frustrating about getting a new device and seeing pre-loaded applications that you have no use for and, even worse, can't get rid of.
There is good news on this front, however, as upcoming Android devices won't be infused with as much bloatware as you've grown accustomed to.
AndroidCentral is reporting that Google recently implemented a few changes to the standard contract it sends out to handset manufacturers. Previously, OEMs who wanted to have apps like Gmail and Google Maps pre-installed on devices were effectively forced to install an entire bundle of Google apps, including Google+ Google Newsstand.
With the recent changes, the selection of pre-installed Google apps will now be much less intrusive.
While this is a welcome move from Google, Android users won't be entirely free from bloatware as we'll still have to deal with pesky carriers loading up devices with their own broad selection of apps that no one has any use for. Depending on your carrier and device, you may still run into old friends like AT&T Navigator, AT&T Family Map, Sprint Zone, Nascar, Verizon Messages and more.
So yeah, there's still some progress to be made on the bloatware front, but this is still an encouraging start.