%%% 'Straight Outta Compton' Tops Box Office For Second Week
^^^ accesshollywood.com
&&& "Straight Outta Compton" easily maintained its box-office lead with an estimated $26.8 million in ticket sales over a sleepy late summer weekend at the multiplexes.
The N.W.A biopic, a much buzzed-about hit, dominated over the late August releases that often characterize Hollywood's dog days of summer. It has now made $111.5 million in two weeks.
The low-budget horror sequel "Sinister 2" fared the best of the new releases, opening with $10.6 million, according to studio estimates Sunday. Fox's assassin thriller "Hitman: Agent 47," the second attempt to adapt the popular video game, disappointed with $8.2 million.
Lionsgate's "American Ultra," starring Kristen Stewart and Jesse Eisenberg, also failed to spark much interest, opening with $5.5 million.
"Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation" came in second with $11.7 million in its fourth week.

%%% HBO Now Movies List 2015: Highlights From The September Lineup
^^^ ibtimes.com
&&& As we close out the month of August and prepare to head back to school, there's one small silver lining: With the beginning of a new month comes the addition of new content to HBO Now -- meaning you'll at least have something to binge-watch once school's out.
As some may know, September marks the anniversary of two cult-classic movies, "Bring it On" and "The Rocky Horror Picture Show." To celebrate, HBO is putting them at the front and center of their September movies additions. The titles will be available on the popular streaming service on Aug. 25 and Sept. 26 respectively.
New series such as Ben Affleck and Matt Damon's "Project Greenlight," and Funny or Die's "Ferrell Takes the Field," starring comedian Will Ferrell, will also be added. Unfortunately, August will mark the last chance for people to see content on HBO Now that's leaving the streaming service for good. Hit movies such as "Inside Man," starring Denzel Washington, and "Wedding Crashers," starring Owen Wilson and "True Detective" Season 2's Vince Vaughn, will disappear from HBO Now in September.
To ensure you don't miss out on any of the content coming to or leaving HBO Now next month, below is a rundown of the highlights that users should be on the lookout for.

%%% Nintendo May Finally Start Making Movies Again
^^^ slashfilm.com
&&& Nintendo made their first and only foray into motion pictures with the positively disastrous 1993 adaptation Super Mario Bros., which was recently skewered by the folks at Honest Trailers. Since then, the video game company has steered clear of bringing any of their other characters to the big screen, and we don't blame them
But it's been 22 years now, and with a new deal at Universal Studios bringing Nintendo characters to life in a new theme park environment, the company might be turning over a new leaf when it comes to expanding the media reach of their most treasured characters to create some Nintendo movies.
Nintendo's new stance on film adaptations came buried in a June report on the company's earnings (via Fortune) where the company said, "For Nintendo IP, a more active approach will be taken in areas outside the video game business, including visual content production and character merchandising."
As the world of media has become much more interconnected, Nintendo is now much more interested in integrating their video game creations into the world of movies, and maybe television.
There have been hints of Nintendo heading into movies and television before with a Legend of Zelda series reported to be in development at Netflix, even though that was denied by the video game company. But over the years, Nintendo has still made it to the big screen with Bowser in Wreck-It Ralph, Donkey Kong in Pixels (and almost a Super Mario credits scene too) and more.
But even with those cameos, it's not enough to satiate fans' appetite for seeing movies based on games like Legend of Zelda, Metroid, Kirby, Donkey Kong and maybe even a proper Super Mario Bros. movie. It's early days on seeing any Nintendo movies come to fruition, but this is at least a step in the right direction.